W-15501420-Include-ACB-on-Overview-CP (#269)
mulesoft/docs-munit: modules/ROOT/pages/db-util.adoc

= Installing a Database Server
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:page-aliases: munit-database-server.adoc
:page-deployment-options: acb-ide, studio-ide

> To test a piece of code that connects with a database server, you must install a database server in your local environment to run the tests. You can also have a dedicated external database server for testing, but your Maven project can't be portable. If so, a third party must install the testing database server to compile your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test a piece of code that connects with a database server, install a database server in your local environment to run the tests. You can also use a dedicated external database server for testing, but your Maven project can't be portable. If so, a third party must install the testing database server to compile your project.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

To make it easier for you to test database connections, MUnit allows you to implement a database server in your local environment.

== Install the MUnit DB Server Module

> To install the MUnit DB Server Module, you must:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the MUnit DB Server Module:
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

+
The MUnit DB server artifact in your `pom` file must have the `test` scope.
. The `h2` dependency used for the database is a shared library. +

> You must add the dependency to your `pom.xml` file and list it as a `sharedLibrary` in `mule-maven-plugin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the dependency to your `pom.xml` file and list it as a `sharedLibrary` in `mule-maven-plugin`.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

The MUnit DB Server allows you to validate that the results of a query are as expected.

> To do this, you use the `validate-that` operation. Set the `results` property to CSV with rows separated by a newline character (`\n`), as follows:

Reviewer: I'd remove the previous sentence (_The MUnit DB Server allows..._) and unify everything as suggested. 
```suggestion
To validate that the results of a query are as expected, use the `validate-that` operation. Set the `results` property to CSV with rows separated by a newline character (`\n`), as follows:
```

=== Execute

> With MUnit DB Server, you can execute instructions to the in-memory databases to add or remove registries before a test and verify that your data is correctly stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute instructions for the in-memory databases to add or remove registries before a test and verify that your data is correctly stored using MUnit DB Server.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!
